wats up everyone jon rettinger from
TechnoBuffalo here and i'm back with my
favorite kind of videos a giveaway one
so last week we ran a review of a
panasonic e60 series smart TV and we
really liked it the folks at Panasonic
read it in there like hey technobuffalo
do you want to give one out here
audience oh I love the chance to give
away free stuff so I said yes panasonic
I do so if you're interested in winning
a brand new pretty baller smart TV stick
around let me get this one out of the
way first so I don't get any complaints
this one has to be us only so my
apologies to anybody outside of the US
not only are their power issues but even
if you live in North America where it's
the same power we have to deal with
tariffs and taxes and it's too much of a
headache unfortunately so this one is
just us we have a ton of international
giveaway so my apologies to you guys if
you live outside of the US so those you
that are inside of the u.s. I want to
give you the chance to win a pretty
sweet smart TV if you don't know what
the Panasonic e60 series has got a ton
of cool features thailand i think by my
home screen which pretty much you just
turn your Viera HDTV into an intuitive
menu of your favorite content presented
on your own personalized screen so it
makes it super quick to find whatever it
is you're looking for if it's TV
programs video on demand personal video
pictures and social media are all just
kind of right there and then probably my
favorite is video game mode if you want
to play grand theft auto essentially
what this is gonna do is going to choose
all the settings that are optimal for
images and super fast response there no
delays you're playing video dark screens
will be delicately rendered details are
really beautiful you can't always see
the difference it's not to worry about
tweaking your TV settings it's just
going to work for you so thanks for
doing that Panasonic so if you want to
win we're gonna make it pretty easy so
from today which is October 80th to the
end of the month Halloween which is
thursday October thirty-first at ten
fifty nine p.m. pacific time all you
gotta do is leave one comment per day
not on youtube hit the link down below
to go the article on technobuffalo com
leave one comment per day they're saying
anything you want why you like the TV
what's your favorite feature the TV is
tell me a joke tell me a story what you
want to do with your television set
whatever it might be just leave one
comment per day on all these times and
days at pacific standard time doesn't
matter
you are if you're an eastern or central
standard time convert or pacific time
and it's one per day if you leave one
more than one per day and we pick you as
a winner you will be disqualified will
pick one winner at random using
random.org please comment using facebook
twitter or open IDC our way to contact
you if you win we only get super easy
guys again from today which is 18 phila
31st leave one comment per day telling
us why you want to win this pretty
awesome TV thank you to our friends at
Panasonic if you want to check out more
about their vieira lines of tvs or any
other awesome panasonic products like
you're going to be down below as well to
learn more about television set you can
win as well as other panasonic offering
so happy TV entering I'll see you guys
soon what's up everyone it's ashley
thanks so much for watching that most
recent video if you enjoyed it please
click on the word subscribe right
underneath me to get tons of more tech
videos from us here at TechnoBuffalo
we've got unboxings comparisons reviews
recaps and everything else you can think
of here on the channel if you're in the
mood for more technology just click
right over here to check out some of our
most recent videos see you next time
humans
you